I chose the last final snipits from F.R.I.E.N.D.S and How I Met Your Mother. 
I also checked Shakespeare against J.K. Rowling. 
I chose new texts from different supporting books and the first and last scenes from the shows.
The results of my comparisons weren't as friendly, they were more general and alike.
The results of my program are posted below and they all use the same amount of adverbs, but
since this is only against 1000 to 2000 words, one could conclude that shakespeare's vocabulary
is vast, as with adverbs ending in ly, he already exceeds all other texts.

I think my classification program works very well as a normal human couldn't possibly go through 1000 to 2000 words in seconds time.
It could be improved by adding all types of adverbs as well as stemming down on the stems function with more details.
I would crack down on the whole english language for the comparisons, which would probably take me days to do.
However, for a person who attempts this challenge by hand, it would take them lifetimes.
This was a very creative project that could be used later on and I enjoyed this one, as I would probably
improve it on my own time.  The word lengths are all about the same and I wish I could actually show the dictionaries
that showed the sentence lengths in the main model display with function print(model). It states word lengths and sentence lengths
but we don't know how long these sentences are, just that there's a similar amount of differences. Shakespeare and J.K Rowling are
definitely as alike as my program shows them to be.






text model name: HIMYM
  number of words: 1049
  number of word lengths: 14
  number of stems: 961
  number of sentence lengths: 38
  number of ly_adverbs: 26

text model name: FRIENDS
  number of words: 1137
  number of word lengths: 14
  number of stems: 1017
  number of sentence lengths: 28
  number of ly_adverbs: 21

text model name: Deathly_Hollows
  number of words: 1114
  number of word lengths: 14
  number of stems: 1047
  number of sentence lengths: 38
  number of ly_adverbs: 39

text model name: Shakespeare
  number of words: 2668
  number of word lengths: 15
  number of stems: 2406
  number of sentence lengths: 63
  number of ly_adverbs: 65